fix: strip errorCorrection prop from qrcode svg element (#5)
wevm/cuer: .changeset/sixty-cobras-repair.md

---
"cuer": patch
---

> Prevents React warning by removing the unintended forwarding of the `errorCorrection` prop to SVG elements used by the QRCode component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed unintended forwarding of the `errorCorrection` prop to SVG elements used by the QRCode component to prevent React warning.
```
